---
title: Project Threads
subtitle: Lorem Ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.
image: assets/img/header-bg.jpg
alt: a moon
carrusel: yes
caption:
    title: Public Swimming pool
    subtitle: Ilustration
    thumbnail: assets/img/header-bg.jpg
---

Godelleta Town Council required to finish an existing sport installations modernization plan, which one of the focus is the public swimming pool. The old construction suffers from severe pathologies related to bad-ageing processes. Few solutions are available. It was decided to try a new project, improving the relationship among it and its surroundings, which requires structure demolitions and 3 metres of excavation.

The project is a 3-isolated building ensemble plus the pool vessel construction (which it is built like another construction at the same time and to save budget). A main building awaits at the back of the plot: holds all the changing rooms and compulsory annexes by law.

First floor is a multiple-purpose room, in order to boost the usage in autumm-winter season with alternative sport classes. Second floor is a "Pilota Valenciana" museum and its small conference room. "Pilota" (Ball) is a local and relative-known tratditional sport from Valencian culture. Although disconnected from the main "case user", the building must be placed here owing to the direct link to the main facility and being a preexistency: it replaces a current steel structure build on piles.

Overall, the project involved a deep and intese research work into the Archive: a throrough creation processes analysis. Current problematic flow had to be solved in order to discover the main idea, which definitely settled in the best way possible.

{:.list-inline}

    Date: January 2017
    Client: Threads
    Category: Illustration
