---
title: Project Threads
subtitle: Lorem Ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur.
image: assets/img/header-bg.jpg
alt: a moon
caption:
    title: GermanyAutomatics Works
    subtitle: Ilustration
    thumbnail: assets/img/header-bg.jpg
---

Germany Automatics, SL was a minor construction company with an interesting variety of orders, including metal charpentry and minor urban projects. Sometimes we have other projects from our another division which builds wood construction like cottages and pavillions. Here I specifically show you my contribution to two offers relating to modelling a possible intervention on real town parks.

Of course, we carried out more and better projects with this company, including 3 rehabilitation works with facilities changes... it cannot be showed - confidenciality premises. 

### Private car parking, with terrain contention

As part of the urbanization works for a new facility, the client requested this apparently "simple" construction to avoid direct sun exposure to their vehicles and some indiscrete eyes. It could not be in any way... and led to a small interesting project with its structural justification.

The reason? The terrain conditions were not optmal at all. As others progressed its work on the site, the land, and old dump yard, began to crumble with the first showers of Autumn. In the end, the solution was to create a lightweight porticos, with a large foundation beam on the side to respond to land containment.

{:.list-inline}

    Date: January 2019
    Client: Threads
    Category: Illustration
